Mr. Li, why are you here?
Xiao Chen, this trash
I thought that by relying on Murong Lan and King Shura
You can destroy my Lin family
Too bad he didn't know.
Xiao Family Butler Xiao Hanshan
And my dad, that's the brother who worships the handle
Ha ha.
What Murong Lan?
King Huo of Shura, the richest man, give me all the anti-civil war
Ahahaha
Oops Li Xiao
Since you have such a painful ability,
And you are so diligent with this big butler
That is to help
You help you
Why are you Liu Family?
Hmph, Liu Qingxue, if it were my woman
Then I will definitely help
What a pity!
This bitch doesn't know what to do
Unless you can get Liu Qingxue
Willing to climb into my bed
This is my last chance for you
Qingxue, this damn girl
Eat to set off the iron heart
He insists on being with the little fool brat
I we oops
So what do you mean?
As long as the depression goes away
Liuqing acupoint will watch your life, right?
Lin Shao
You are baffled.
I have an idea
Just kill the depression
Liuqing point
Nature is not a thing
Do you think I don't want to kill Xiao Chen's stinky stinker?
If I can kill him, beat him to death
Do you have to wait until today?
Mingsheng, don't worry.
Although that waste doesn't cost money
But I already knew his life
It's easy to kill him
Come out and make money
Hahahaha good
Just use this method
Humph
This time, I will kill Xiao Chen, this beast.
It just so happens that the Xiao family is hindered by this king's banquet
Inconvenient to kill
If I take the opportunity to kill Xiao Chen, this beast
Not only can you get Liu Qingxue
I can still take credit for the Xiao family
Well, it kills two birds with one stone.